docs: add FAQ for minimum version of MySQL (#4069)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/02-Deploying/FAQ.md

## What API endpoints should I expose to the public internet?

If you would like to manage hosts that can travel outside your VPN or intranet we recommend only exposing the "/api/v1/osquery" endpoint to the public internet.

> ## What is the minimum version of MySQL fleet requires?

Reviewer: Upper case "F" on "fleet". Grammar also needs a tiny re-jig.

```suggestion
## What is the minimum version of MySQL required by Fleet?
```

Author: Thanks @mike-j-thomas
